Yeah!
Hands up!
- Hi.
Here it is.
Thanks.
Did you guys sign it?
Hi.
- Did you sign the card?
- Yeah.
And five and four...
- Hey, girls, sign.
- Yeah.
- All right.
Here you go.
- Elle's gonna love it.
- Thanks.
You go, girl.
Hi, girls. Here, sign.
Thanks.
There she is.
- All right.
- Thank you.
I love that restaurant.
I heard Madonna went
into labor there.
Oh, gosh. I have to go shopping.
Okay, I'll see you tonight.
Okay. Bye.
Bruiser, what's this?
"Good luck tonight.
Elle and Warner forever."
That's so cute.
Oh, my gosh. You guys are so sweet.
But I'm not positive
it's gonna happen tonight.
Hello. He just had lunch
with his grandmother.
You know he got the rock.
Why else would she have flown
in from Newport?
It's not like she'd FedEx
a six-carat diamond.
Do you really think?
I can't believe
you're getting engaged.
Oh, my gosh.
You guys have to help me
pick out the perfect outfit.
Come on.
I think you should go with the red.
It's the color of confidence.
I don't understand why
you're completely disregarding
your signature color.
He's proposing.
I can't look like
I would on any other date.
This is the date,
the night I'll always remember.
I want to look special.
Bridal.
But not like I expect anything.
There's nothing I love
more than a dumb blonde
with daddy's plastic.
You know how he gets excited
when I even just...
Did you see this one?
We just got it in yesterday.
Is this low-viscosity rayon?
Yes. Of course.
With a half-loop top-stitching
on the hem?
Absolutely. It's one of a kind.
It's impossible to use a half-loop
top-stitching on low-viscosity rayon.
It would snag the fabric.
And you didn't just get it in.
I saw it in the June Vogue
a year ago.
So if you're trying
to sell it for full price
you picked the wrong girl.
Girls, this is it.
In a few hours
I'll be the future
Mrs. Warner Huntington III.
Hello.
- You look so beautiful.
- So do you.
Let's get out of here.
Must be strange
having such perfect eyes.
God, you're so wonderful.
Elle, thank you.
- Here's to us.
- To us.
- Elle.
- Yes?
One of the reasons
I wanted to come here tonight
was to discuss our future.
And I am fully amenable
to that discussion.
Good.
Well, you know how we've been
having all kinds of fun lately?
- Yeah.
- Well...
Harvard is gonna be different.
Law school is a completely
different world
and I need to be serious.
Of course.
I mean, my family expects
a lot from me.
- Right.
- I expect a lot from me.
I plan on running for office someday.
And I fully support that one.
You know that, right?
- Absolutely.
- Okay.
But the thing is
if I'm gonna be a senator
by the time I'm 30
I need to stop dicking around.
Warner, I completely agree.
Well, that's why I think it's time
for us.
- Elle, pooh bear.
- Yes?
- I do.
- I think we should break up.
What?
Well, I've been thinking about it
and I think it's the right thing
to do.
You're breaking up with me?
I thought you were proposing.
Proposing?
Elle, if I'm gonna be a senator...
well, I need to marry a Jackie,
not a Marilyn.
So you're breaking up with me
because I'm too... blonde?
No. That's not entirely true.
Then what? My boobs are too big?
Elle, your boobs are fine.
So when you said
that you would always love me
you were just dicking around?
Elle, I do love you. I...
I just can't marry you.
You have no idea of the pressure
that I am under.
My family has five generations
of senators.
My brother's in the top three
at Yale Law.
And he just got engaged
to a Vanderbilt, for Christ's sake.
Bad salad.
Sweetie.
Pooh bear?
It's not like I have a choice here,
sweetheart.
Okay. You get the car,
I'll get the check.
I won't be having the salad.
Come on, let me take you home.
No.
Elle, believe me,
I never expected to do this.
But I think it's the right thing.
How can it be the right thing
when we're not together?
Well, I have to think of my future
and what my family expects of me.
So you're breaking up with me
because you're afraid
your family won't like me?
Everybody likes me.
Well, East Coast people
are different.
Just because I'm not a Vanderbilt,
suddenly I'm white trash?
I grew up in Bel Air, Warner
across the street
from Aaron Spelling.
I think most people
would agree that's a lot better
than some stinky old Vanderbilt.
I told you. I need someone serious.
But I'm seriously in love with you.
Isn't that enough?
Pooh bear, just get in the car.
No.
You're gonna ruin your shoes.
Okay.
Morning, Amy.
Elle, it's Amy.
I'm having trouble
with this whole lip-liner thing.
- Sweetie, didn't you hear?
- Hear what?
It's terrible. He dumped her.
Why me?
Because you're not gonna remember
anything after tonight.
Oh, you're wrong.
I will remember, no matter what.
And I'm never gonna lose you again.
You couldn't.
You're a part of me.
I love you.
Liar!
Honey, you have to leave this room.
It's been, like, a week.
- So?
- Drink this.
What's the one thing
that always makes us feel better
no matter what?
She had eight grilled cheese
sandwiches.
She stuffed them in her mouth
all at once.
It was so sad.
We all thought she'd be the first
to walk down the aisle
and now she's totally adrift.
Totally.
She hasn't conditioned her hair
in like a week.
Maybe she's going
for the grunge look.
And, like, her nails
are full-on chipped.
So trailer park.
Oh, my God.
- Do you know who this is?
- No.
- That's Warner's older brother.
- Who?
"Third year Yale Law student
Putnam Bowes Huntington III
and his fiancée
Layne Walker Vanderbilt
first year Yale Law."
This is the type of girl
that Warner wants to marry.
This is what I need to become
to be serious.
What? Practically deformed?
No.
A law student.
Elle.
Law school?
It's a perfectly
respectable place, daddy.
Honey, you were first runner up
at the Miss Hawaiian Tropics contest.
Why are you gonna
throw that all away?
Going to Harvard is the only way
I'm gonna get
the love of my life back.
Oh, sweetheart,
you don't need law school.
Law school is for people
who are boring and ugly and serious.
And you, Button,
are none of those things.
- Harvard Law School?
- That's right.
- But that's a top three school.
- Oh, I have a 4.0
Yes, but your major
is fashion merchandising.
Harvard won't be impressed
that you aced History of Polka Dots.
What are your backups?
I don't need backups.
I'm going to Harvard.
Well, then, you'll need excellent
recommendations from your professors.
Okay.
And a heck of an admissions essay.
Right.
And at least a 175 on your LSATs.
I once had to judge
a tighty-whitey contest
for Lambda Kappa Pi.
Trust me, I can handle anything.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
because then I have a metrabolism.
I have a really high metrabolism.
It's metabol...
Oh, my God.
What are you doing?
Reading about the LSATs.
My cousin had that.
Apparently, you get
a really bad rash on your...
The LSATs are an exam.
Girls, I'm going to Harvard.
- You mean like on vacay?
- Let's all go.
- Road trip!
No. I'm going to Harvard Law School.
Why?
Elle, now, I know
you're upset about all this
but can't you just take a Percocet?
Okay.
Once Warner sees me
as a serious law student
he'll totally want me back.
It's a completely brilliant plan.
But isn't it hard
to get into law school?
I had the highest GPA in Delta Nu.
Oh, well.
Here, you're gonna need this.
Your scrunchy?
My lucky scrunchy.
It helped me pass Spanish.
You passed Spanish because
you gave Professor Montoya
a lap dance after the final.
Yeah, luckily.
Hi, My name is Elle Woods
and for my admissions essay
I'm gonna tell all of you at Harvard,
why I'm gonna make an amazing lawyer.
As president of my sorority
I'm skilled at commanding
the attention of a room
and discussing very important issues.
It has come to my attention that
the maintenance staff
is switching our toilet paper
from Charmin to generic.
All those opposed
to chafing please say "aye."
- Aye.
A, neither type of opera
or neither type of rap is on sale.
B, neither type of jazz
and neither type of opera is on sale.
C, neither type of opera
and neither type of soul...
- Party.
- Delta Nu, we love you.
- Hey.
- Yeah, we love you, Kendall!
- Okay.
I'm able to recall
hundreds of important details
at the drop of a hat.
Hey, Elle, do you know what happened
on Days of Our Lives yesterday?
Why, yes, Margot, I do.
Once again, we join Hope
in the search for her identity.
As you know, she's been brainwashed
by the evil Stefano.
Ready, get set, and go.
and six, seven, eight, and...
One forty-three.
I feel comfortable using legal jargon
in everyday life.
I object.
It's here.
- Elle.
- What?
- It's here.
- The LSAT scores.
- Open the scores.
- What's the score?
- This is so exciting.
- Tell us.
- What is it?
One seventy-nine.
And that's why you should vote for me
Elle Woods, future lawyer
for the Class of 2004.
She does have a 4.0 from CULA,
and she got a 179 on her LSATs.
A fashion major?
Well, sir, we've never had one before
and aren't we always looking
for diversity?
Her list of extracurricular
activities is impressive.
- She was in a Ricky Martin video.
- Clearly, she's interested in music.
She also designed a line
of faux fur panties
for her sorority's charity project.
She's a friend to the animals
as well as a philanthropist.
Elle Woods.
Welcome to Harvard.
Bruiser, it's so exciting.
Look. Harvard.
Are you excited?
This is our new house
for the next three years.
Oh, are you thirsty?
Okay, let's get you some water.
Sweetheart, you just look parched.
Hey, Brad, check out Malibu Barbie.
Where's the beach, honey?
Here you go.
Good boy. Warner's gonna be
so excited to see you.
Guys, this way.
- This ain't LA.
- Come on, Bruiser.
- Check her out.
- Look at the way she walks.
It's gonna be so exciting.
Now, don't be scared.
Everyone will love you.
Hi. Woods, comma, Elle.
Class schedule, map, book list.
Wait a second.
My social events calendar is missing.
Your what?
Social events, you know,
mixers, formals
clambakes, trips to the Cape.
Okay, has Warner Huntington III
checked in yet?
No.
You know, maybe you should check
with the cruise director
on the Lido deck.
Okay. Welcome to law school.
This is the part where
we go around in a circle
and everyone says a little bit
about themselves.
Let's start with you.
My name is David Kidney.
I have a masters
in Russian literature
a PhD in biochemistry,
and for the last 18 months
I've been deworming orphans
in Somalia.
Awesome. What about you?
Hey. How you doing? I'm Enid Wexler.
I got a PhD from Berkeley
in women's studies
emphasis in the history of combat
and last year,
I single-handedly organized
the march for Lesbians
Against Drunk Driving.
- Killer.
- Thanks. Good times.
Aaron Mitchell.
I graduated first in my class
from Princeton.
I have an IQ of 187
and it's been suggested
that Stephen Hawking
stole his Brief History of Time
from my fourth grade paper.
Cool.
- Me?
- Yeah.
Okay. Hi. I'm Elle Woods,
and this is Bruiser Woods
and we're both Gemini vegetarians.
I have a bachelor's degree in fashion
merchandising from CULA
and I was a Zeta Lambda Nu sweetheart
president of my sorority, Delta Nu.
And last year,
I was homecoming queen.
Two weeks ago
I saw Cameron Diaz at Fred Segal
and I talked her out of buying
this truly heinous angora sweater.
Whoever said orange was the new pink
was seriously disturbed.
Wish me luck, Bruiser.
This is my first class
as a serious law student.
I totally look the part.
Hi.
Hey.
Elle?
Warner?
I totally forgot you go here.
What are you talking about?
I'm sorry. Are you here to see me?
No, silly. I go here.
- You go where?
- Harvard. Law school.
- You got into Harvard Law?
- What, like it's hard?
Oh, my gosh, Warner,
it's gonna be so great.
I'm planning this great mixer.
You totally have to help me.
I'm thinking like a luau
or maybe like casino night.
This is gonna be just like
senior year except for funner.
Time to go. I have to go to class
but meet me after on the benches.
Okay. All right, bye.
A legal education
means you will learn to speak
in a new language.
You will be taught to achieve insight
into the world around you
and to sharply question
what you know.
The seat you have picked
will be yours
for the next nine months
of your life.
And those of you in the front row
beware.
"The law is reason free
from passion."
Does anyone know who spoke
those immortal words?
- Yes?
- Aristotle.
- Are you sure?
- Yes.
Would you be willing
to stake your life on it?
I think so.
What about his life?
I don't know.
Well, I recommend knowing
before speaking.
The law leaves much room
for interpretation
but very little for self-doubt.
And you were right.
- It was Aristotle.
- Good job.
Now, I assume all of you have read
pages 1 through 48
and are now well-versed
in subject-matter jurisdiction.
Who can tell us
about Gordon v. Steele?
Let's call on someone
from the hot zone.
Elle Woods?
Actually, I wasn't aware
that we had an assignment.
Vivian Kensington.
Do you think it's acceptable
that Ms. Woods is not prepared?
No.
I don't.
Would you support my decision
to ask her to leave class
and to return only
when she is prepared?
Absolutely.
Now, Ms. Kensington
did diversity jurisdiction exist
in this case?
No, it did not.
Good. How about in the case
of Owens v. McCullogh?
Excuse me, are you okay?
Yeah.
But do they just put you on the spot
like that, like, all the time?
The professors? Yeah.
They tend to do that.
Socratic method.
So, if you don't know the answers,
they're just gonna kick you out?
- So you have Stromwell, huh?
- Yes.
- Did she do that to you, too?
- No.
But she did make me cry once.
I mean, not in class.
I waited til I got back to my room
but, yeah, she'll kick you
right in the ball.
Or wherever, you know.
But, yeah, she's tough. Really tough.
Great.
Don't worry, though, it gets better.
Who else do you have?
I have Callahan, Royalton,
and Levinthal.
Yeah.
Let's see,
speak up in Callahan's class.
He really likes people
that are opinionated.
Okay.
And in Royalton's class...
try to get a seat in the back.
He tends to spit when he talks
about products liability.
And for Levinthal, you know,
make sure you read the footnotes
'cause that's where he gets
a lot of his exam questions from.
Right.
I'm really glad I met you.
Hey.
Are you a third year?
- Well...
- Hey, Elle.
Hi.
- Thanks for all your help.
- Good luck.
- Hi, Warner.
- Hi.
So, how was your first class?
Oh, it was good,
except for this horrible preppy girl
who tried made me look bad
in front of the professor.
But no biggie.
You're here now.
So, how was your summer?
- Good. It was good.
- Did you do anything exciting?
Hey. Have you met Vivian?
Oh, hi. Vivian Kensington.
Do you know her?
- She's...
- I'm his fiancée.
I'm sorry. I just hallucinated.
What?
Yeah, she was my girlfriend
in prep school.
And, well, we got back together
this summer
at my grandmother's birthday party.
Warner told me all about you.
You're famous at our club.
But he didn't tell me you'd be here.
Pooh bear,
I didn't know she would be here.
Excuse me.
Oh, thank God.
Are you free? It's an emergency.
Bad day?
You can't even imagine.
Spill.
I worked so hard
to get into law school.
I blew off Greek week
to study for the LSATs.
I even hired a Coppola
to direct my admissions video.
All to get my boyfriend Warner back.
And now he's engaged
to this awful girl Vivian
so it was all for nothing, and I...
I just wish...
I just wish I had never
gone to Harvard.
After you went to all that trouble.
He's engaged.
She's got the six-carat Harry Winston
on her bony, unpolished finger.
What am I supposed to do?
You're asking the wrong girl.
I mean, I'm with my guy eight years
and then one day
it's "I met someone else. Move out."
Oh, no.
That's awful.
Dewey kept the trailer
and my precious baby Rufus.
I didn't even get to throw him
a birthday party.
No.
I mean, what's a girl to do?
He's a guy who followed his pecker
to greener pastures
and I'm a middle-aged
high-school dropout
who's got stretch marks
and a fat ass.
- That's terrible.
- Yep.
Happens every day.
So what's this Vivian got
that you don't have?
Three tits?
She's from Connecticut.
She belongs
to his stupid country club.
Is she as pretty as you?
She could use some mascara
and some serious highlights
but she's not completely
unfortunate looking.
- Hello, ladies.
- Hey, there.
How you doing? Sign here.
Oh, jeez. Look what I did.
- See you later.
- Bye-bye, sugar.
Oh, shit.
Could I have been any
more goddamn spastic?
It's okay.
Are you sure
this Warner guy is, like...
the one?
Definitely.
I love him.
Well, if a girl like you can't hold
on to her man
then there sure as hell
isn't any hope for the rest of us.
What are you waiting for?
Steal the bastard back.
I should warn you that in addition
to competing against each other
for the top grade in this class
you will also be competing
for one of my firm's
highly coveted four internship
spots next year
where you will get to assist
on actual cases.
Let the bloodbath begin.
Now, let's commence
with our usual torture.
Ms. Woods
would you rather have a client
who committed a crime
malum in se or malum prohibitum?
- Neither.
- And why is that?
I would rather have
a client who's innocent.
Dare to dream, Ms. Woods.
Ms. Kensington,
which would you prefer?
Malum prohibitum.
Because then the client
would have committed
a regulatory infraction
as opposed to a dangerous crime.
Well done, Ms. Kensington.
You've obviously done your homework.
Now let us look at malum prohibitum
a little more closely.
It has been said... Yes, Ms. Woods?
I changed my mind.
I'd pick the dangerous one
because I'm not afraid
of a challenge.
Going inside.
Right behind you, come on!
- Come on...
- Coming through you!
- That's great!
- Chad, make a hollow!
Yo, bro.
Who is that?
Guys.
- Can she play?
- Hi.
Warner, do you know her?
Get outta here.
- Hey.
- Look at that.
- Hi, everybody.
- Elle, what are you doing here?
I've come to join your study group.
And look, I brought sustenance.
Who's first?
Our group is full.
Oh, is this like an RSVP thing?
No. It's like a smart people thing.
And as Viv said, we're full.
Come on, guys, we can make room
for one more.
We've already assigned the outlines.
The answer is no.
Oh, okay. I'll just leave, then.
Bye.
Hey, maybe there's, like, a sorority
you could, like, join instead, like?
You know, if you had come
to a rush party
I would have at least
been nice to you.
Is that before you voted against me
and then called me a dyke
behind my back?
I don't use that word.
You must have heard it from Vivian.
- Hello?
- Hey, it's me.
It's Elle.
Guess what I'm doing
right this second.
I don't know. What?
I'm picking out my wedding dress!
- What?
- Josh proposed.
Did you get the rock yet?
Almost.
Well, hurry up, so you can come home.
We miss you.
I miss you guys, too.
The people here are so vile.
Hardly anybody speaks to me unless...
Oh, my God.
I almost forgot to tell you.
- What?
- I got bangs.
My hair is so now.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Okay, so just listen to me.
Keep June 1st open.
You're one of my bridesmaids
and give Warner our love
because I'm getting married!
I'm getting...
So don't forget.
Eight o'clock at 45 Dunston Street.
- It'll be a really nice party.
- Okay, we'll be there.
And don't forget
to bring your own merlot.
- Okay.
- No way.
Is somebody at this school
actually having a party?
Yes.
But it's a costume party.
You probably wouldn't wanna come.
I love costume parties.
Well, then I guess
we'll see you there.
Okay.
Oh, at 45 Dunston Street.
You won.
Oh, my God.
Hey.
Thanks for inviting me, girls.
This party is super fun.
Nice outfit.
I like your outfit, too.
Except when I dress up
as a frigid bitch
I try not to look so constipated.
- She's horrible.
- You've got the ring, sweetie.
- Nice ears.
- How you doin'?
Warner, Warner, the English language
it is all about
subliminal domination.
I mean, take the word semester. Okay?
This is a perfect example
of this school's
discriminatory preference
of semen to ovaries.
That's why I'm petitioning
to have next term
be referred to as the winter ovester.
Excuse me. Hey, Warner.
Well, don't you look
like a walking felony?
Thank you. You're so sweet.
- Are you having fun?
- I am now.
What... What's with the costume?
- I just decided to dress up.
- Really?
You know, I feel like we barely
get to see each other
since we've been here.
Oh, I know. I'm so busy
with these case studies and hypos.
I know what you mean.
I can't imagine doing all this
and Callahan's internship next year.
This is gonna be so much.
Oh, Elle, come on,
you're never gonna get the grades
to qualify for one of those spots.
You're not smart enough, sweetie.
Wait, am I on glue
or did we not get into
the same law school, Warner?
- Well, yeah, but...
- But what?
We took the same LSATs,
and we're taking the same classes.
I know, but come on, Elle,
be serious.
You can do something more valuable
with your time.
I'm never gonna be good enough
for you, am I?
- Elle. Oh, come on.
- Just forget it.
I'll show you how valuable
Elle Woods can be.
- Don't ask.
- Wasn't gonna.
I love that sweater. It's Chanel.
Look.
Was she carrying books?
Thanks.
So, you've filed a claim.
What next?
Ms. Woods?
- Don't you need to have evidence?
- Meaning?
Meaning you need reasonable belief
that your claim should have, like...
evidentiary support?
And what kind of evidentiary support
does this case require?
Yo quiero, Taco Bell.
Welcome back.
I'm talking with Frank Lucas
Mark Jacobson, and Richard Roberts.
Mark, in the article you talk about
all sorts of things corrupt cops
who are wheeling and dealing...
And the purpose
of diminished capacity is?
To negate mens rea?
Are you ready?
- No.
- Yes, yes, you are.
Go. You can do this.
Listen to me, Dewey.
You shut your mouth.
No, you shut your big mouth.
I'm doing all the talking.
What the hell do you want?
We're eating lunch.
I just thought that...
- Maybe we could...
- You just thought...
You just thought you could come here
and show me what
I'm definitely not missing?
That's not why I came by.
Hey, Paulette, how many times
you gonna come over here
begging me to take you back, huh?
I was...
Dewey Newcombe?
Who's asking?
I'm Elle Woods.
Miss Bonifante's attorney.
And I'm here to discuss
the legal situation at hand.
Come again?
Do you understand what
subject-matter jurisdiction is?
- No.
- I didn't think so.
Well, due to habeas corpus
you and Miss Bonifante had
a common-law marriage
which heretofore entitles her
to what is legally referred to
as equitable division of the assets.
Come again?
Due to the fact that you've retained
this residence
Miss Bonifante is entitled
to full canine property ownership
and will be enforcing said
ownership right now.
Tell him, Paulette.
I'm taking the dog, dumbass.
- That's awesome.
- We did it.
Come here.
Oh, my gosh, did you see him?
He's probably still
scratching his head.
Yeah, which must be a nice vacation
for his balls.
Thank you.
Well, according to Swinney v. Neubert
Swinney, who was also
a private sperm donor
was allowed visitation rights
as long as he came to terms
with the hours set forth
by the parents.
So, if we're sticking
to past precedent
I mean, Mr. Latimer wasn't stalking.
He was clearly within his rights
to ask for visitation.
But Swinney
was a one-time sperm donor
and in our case, the defendant
was an habitual sperm donor
who also happens
to be harassing the parents
in his quest for visitation.
Well, yeah, but, I mean,
without this man's sperm
the child in question wouldn't exist.
Now you're thinking like a lawyer.
Yes, Ms. Woods?
Although Mr. Huntington
makes an excellent point
I have to wonder if the defendant
kept a thorough record
of every sperm emission
made throughout his life.
Interesting. Why do you ask?
Well, unless the defendant
attempted to contact
every single one-night stand
to determine
if a child resulted in those unions
he has no parental claim
over this child whatsoever.
Why now? Why this sperm?
I see your point.
And for that matter
all masturbatory emissions
where his sperm
was clearly not seeking an egg
could be termed reckless abandonment.
I believe you've just won your case.
- Ms. Woods, you did well today.
- Really?
You're applying for my internship,
aren't you?
- I don't know.
- You should.
Do you have a resume?
Yes, I do.
Here it is.
It's pink.
Oh, and it's scented.
I think it gives it
a little something extra
don't you think?
Okay, well, see you next class.
Do you think she woke up
one morning and said
"I think I'll go
to law school today."
That lapse in judgment aside,
I think she's got a lot of potential.
Here's the Windham file.
Smell this.
- What's that?
- It's her resume.
Smells good.
What's going on?
Callahan's firm
is defending a murder trial.
His caseload is so big,
he's taking on first year interns.
- He picked them already?
- My God, I can't believe it, Warner.
- We got it.
- Yes!
That only leaves one for...
Me!
Yes!
Warner?
Do you remember when we spent
those four amazing hours
in the hot tub after winter formal?
Yeah, no.
This is so much better than that.
Excuse me.
I have some shopping to do.
Four hours?
You look very nice today, Vivian.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
We're defending Brooke Windham
whose very wealthy husband
was found shot to death
in their Beacon Hill mansion.
Gold digger?
You'd think so since the stiff was 60
but she was rich on her own.
Some kind of fitness empire.
You can buy her exercise tapes
on infomercials.
Wait, are you talking
about Brooke Taylor?
Maiden name, Taylor.
- You know her?
- She's a Delta Nu.
She wasn't in my pledge class
but she...
She graduated four years before me.
But I used to take her class
at the Los Angeles Sports Club.
She's amazing.
Amazing? How?
She can make you lose, like,
three pounds in one class.
She's completely gifted.
Well, in all likelihood,
she's completely guilty, as well.
She was seen standing
over her husband's dead body.
By who?
His 26-year-old daughter
and the pool boy.
Sorry, I'm late. Excuse me.
This is Emmett Richmond,
another associate
top three in his class
and former editor
of Harvard Law Review.
You've probably seen him lurking
around campus doing my research.
Thanks for the introduction.
- So, what about the murder weapon?
- Hi.
The gun is missing.
The coroner said
he'd been dead 30 minutes
when the cops arrived
giving Brooke plenty
of time to stash it.
I just don't think Brooke
could have done this.
Exercise gives you endorphins.
Endorphins make you happy.
Happy people just don't shoot
their husbands.
They just don't.
I didn't do it.
I walked in
I saw my husband lying on the floor
I bent down to check his heart,
screamed my head off
and then Enrique and Chutney
ran inside.
Okay, your step-daughter
and the pool boy came in
where they saw you standing
over the body covered in his blood.
Why would I kill my husband?
Insurance, a love affair,
pure unadulterated hatred.
Believe me, the DA
will come up with plenty of reasons.
I loved him.
He was 34 years older than you.
That doesn't look so good to a jury.
Then show them a picture of his dick.
That might clear a few things up.
Brooke, I believe you,
but a jury is going to want an alibi.
Well, I can't give you that
and if you put me on the stand,
I'll lie.
Well then, I guess we're done
for today.
Hey.
- Hi.
- I know you.
I'm a Delta Nu,
and I'm a huge fan of yours.
You took my class in LA.
You had the best high-kick
I've ever seen.
- Are you one of my lawyers?
- Yes. Sort of.
Well, thank God
one of you has a brain.
Let's go.
I'm the only one that believes her.
Callahan totally thinks she's guilty.
Yeah, that's because men
are big fat retards who don't...
Afternoon, ladies.
It's him.
Paulette Bonifante.
Oh, my God.
He's coming over here.
I've got a package.
He's got a package.
- How you doing today?
- Fine.
Take it easy.
- See you later.
- Take it easy.
That's great, Paulette.
Is this the only interaction
you two have ever had?
No.
Sometimes I say
"okay" instead of "fine."
Well, why don't you offer him
a cold beverage
or a neck massage or something?
Oh, come on. What's the point?
Trust me, Paulette,
you have all the equipment
you just need to read the manual.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Okay, I'm gonna show you
a little maneuver
that my mother taught me
in junior high.
In my experience
it has a 98% success rate
of getting a man's attention
and when used appropriately
it has an 83% rate of return
on a dinner invitation.
It's called the "bend and snap."
Watch this.
I think I dropped something
on the floor that I need to pick up.
So you bend... and snap.
See?
Come on. You try it.
Bend and snap.
Okay.
Yeah. A little less bend,
a little more snap.
- Okay?
- Like this?
Good snap. Come on.
You. Come on, you can do it.
Bend and snap.
Oh, yeah.
- Yeah.
- Very good.
We can all do it.
- Come on, guys.
- No, I can't do that.
You're gonna bend... and snap.
Okay, now put your head into it.
- Bend... and snap.
Good job. A little attitude, please.
Now, everybody smile.
That's very important.
Pump.
Bend... and snap.
Good job, everybody.
Work it out. Work it out.
That's it.
Let's go. Come on, Paulette.
- Bend... and snap.
- Oh, my God.
The "bend and snap."
Works every time.
Yeah.
Well, if Brooke didn't kill the guy,
then who did?
My money is on the angry daughter
or the ex-wife.
Chutney has a trust fund.
She didn't need the insurance pay off
or the inheritance.
What about the mother?
Covered.
She was in Aspen at the time.
Vivian, get me some plum sauce.
Ten people saw her downing
cosmopolitans
at the Caribou Club.
All I know is it's not Brooke.
That's touching, Elle,
but we need an alibi.
I brought you some necessities,
some Calvin Klein 720-count sheets
the entire Clinique skincare line,
some aromatherapy candles
a loofah
and the Bible.
You're an angel.
So how are you? Are you all right?
You look so orange.
I'm just glad that it's you
and not Callahan.
He means well. He's very brilliant.
Yeah, he better be
for what I'm paying for him.
I have to tell you
the real reason I came here.
Professor Callahan says
we really, really need your alibi.
Elle, I can't.
You don't understand.
Who could understand better than me?
It's so shameful.
Whatever it is, Brooke,
it could save you.
No. That's just it. It would ruin me.
How?
I've made my fortune on the ability
to perfect women's bodies
with Brooke's Butt-Buster workout.
I know, you helped me go
from a six to a four.
That's great.
On the day of Heyworth's murder...
I was getting...
What?
I was getting liposuction.
Liposuction!
- Oh, God.
- No.
I know. I'm a fraud.
It's not like normal women
can have this ass.
If my fans knew that I bought it,
I would lose everything.
I've already lost my husband.
I'd rather go to jail
than lose my reputation.
Brooke...
your secret's safe with me.
Thank you.
Vivian, grab me some coffee.
We got two interviews tomorrow
that Gerard and Bobby
are gonna handle.
The ex-wife in an hour.
And according to this communique
from the prison
our client apparently had a visit
from her sister...
a Ms. Delta Nu.
Anyone you know?
Yes. I went to visit her.
What the hell do you mean
you went to visit her?
- I went to get her alibi.
- Did you get it?
- It's really good.
- Well, great.
What is it?
I can't tell you.
Why the hell not?
Because I promised her
I'd keep it a secret
and I can't break the bonds
of sisterhood.
Screw sisterhood.
This is a murder trial
not some scandal
at the sorority house.
I want the alibi.
I can't give it to you,
but I can tell you she is innocent.
Mr. Callahan, Mrs. Windham Vandermark
is on line two for you.
Someone reason with her
while I take this.
Are you crazy?
- Just tell him the alibi.
- No.
We're gonna lose this case
if you don't.
Well, then we're not
very good lawyers.
If you tell him,
he'll probably hire you
as a summer associate.
Who cares about Brooke?
Think about yourself.
- I gave her my word, Warner.
- So what?
The ex-wife seems to be unconcerned
with the fact that
her interview is today.
She's at a spa in the Berkshires.
A spa? Isn't that
kind of like your mothership?
I could go if you want me to.
- Emmett?
- Yeah.
- Go with her.
- Okay.
She seems completely
untrustworthy to me.
Why?
I mean, this is a person
who's made her living
by telling women
that they're too fat.
Brooke would never tell a woman
that she was too fat.
And she seems to me
like she's hiding something.
- Then maybe it's not what you think.
- Maybe it's exactly what I think.
You know,
you're really being a butthead.
A butthead?
Why would you call me that?
You know, Emmett, you just need to
have a little more faith in people.
You might be surprised.
I can't believe you just called me
a butthead.
I mean, no one's called me a butthead
since about the ninth grade.
Maybe not to your face.
So this is what a spa looks like.
How do we find her?
I called ahead.
She's in the mud room.
She's not naked, is she?
Mrs. Windham Vandermark?
- So you found me.
- Yes.
We're from Austen, Platt, Jaret,
and Callahan
and we're here to ask you
a few questions.
So I hear that that little tart
from California shot poor Heyworth.
Well, that's what we're trying
to prove didn't happen, actually.
Do you have any reason
to believe that it did?
Well, I've never actually met
the woman
but my daughter tells me
she can be quite the little bitch.
Now, did your daughter
ever mention anything to you
about the relationship
between Brooke and Heyworth?
Well, she did say that
they humped like gorillas.
I guess it wasn't enough,
though, for Brooke.
Why do you say that?
Well, haven't you seen
the cabana boy?
She's lying.
And you know this for a fact?
Did you see the icky brown color
of her hair?
So?
Now you discriminate
against brunettes?
Why shouldn't I? I'm discriminated
against as a blonde.
You know, being a blonde
is actually a pretty powerful thing.
You hold more cards
than you think you do.
And I personally would like
to see you take that power
and channel it towards
the greater good, you know?
Thanks.
- I'll see you tomorrow.
- All right.
- Hey.
- Yeah?
How do you think
I'd look as a blonde, you know?
I'm not sure you could handle it.
- Good night.
- Bye.
So, I called your room last night.
I heard.
I was thinking maybe
we could go out sometime.
No. You're a dork.
I'm in law school.
Look, I'm not gonna go out with you.
I can't believe you'd even ask.
Girls like me don't go out
with losers like you.
Let's get out of here.
Excuse me.
- Why didn't you call me?
- What?
We spent a beautiful night together,
and I never hear from you again?
I...
I'm sorry?
Sorry for what? For breaking my heart
or for giving me
the greatest pleasure I've ever known
and then just taking it away?
Both?
Well, forget it.
I've spent too many hours
crying over you.
So, when did you wanna go out?
Come in.
Are you done
with that deposition yet?
Oh, yeah. Here, take it.
I've read it like 20 times.
Okay.
You know, Elle...
I still can't believe
you didn't tell Callahan the alibi.
- It's not my alibi to tell.
- I know.
And I thought
that was very classy of you.
- Really?
- Sure.
Thanks.
Did you ever notice how Callahan
never asks Warner
to bring him his coffee?
I mean, he's asked me
at least ten times.
Well, men are helpless.
You know that.
I know. Warner doesn't even do
his own laundry.
I know, he has to have it sent out.
I know.
Did you know when he first applied
he got wait-listed.
What?
His father had to make a call.
You're kidding.
No way.
God, that is such a precious dog.
- Hi.
- His name is Bruiser.
Do you want to hold him?
- He's very friendly.
- Sure.
Look, he likes you.
He's giving me kisses.
Thanks, Jeoff.
We're here today covering
the trial of Brooke Windham.
Now, you may remember, she's charged
with the murder of her husband
Boston millionaire Heyworth Windham.
First to testify are the victim's
daughter and ex-wife.
The Superior Court of Suffolk County
is now in session.
The Honorable Judge
Marina R. Bickford presiding.
You may be seated.
And where was she exactly?
Standing over my father's dead body.
And what was the defendant doing?
Well, she was sitting
next to the pool, topless
while the Latin boy
handed her a drink.
Mr. Salvatore,
can you tell us what this is?
My uniform.
This is the uniform
that Mrs. Windham asked you
to wear while cleaning her pool?
Yes.
And are you or are you not having
an affair with Brooke Windham?
Define "affair."
Have you and Mrs. Windham
had sexual relations?
Yes, okay?
Yes.
Ladies and gentlemen,
court will reconvene
tomorrow morning at 9.00am.
We're adjourned.
You know a Delta Nu would never sleep
with a man who wears a thong.
Never.
I just liked watching him
clean the filter.
I know, I believe you, Brooke.
- Take care of me, Elle.
- I will.
I got a big one for you.
Can you sign?
I got it.
- You broke his nose?
- Oh, I blew it, Elle.
My snap was all over the place.
I'll be there right
as soon as court is out.
We have to cross-examine Enrique.
But don't worry. My girlfriend Serena
once barfed on a guy
during The Blair Witch Project
and they ended up dating
for three months.
Really? All right. Bye-bye.
Okay. Bye.
Don't stomp your little last-season
Prada shoes at me, honey.
These aren't last season.
Emmett he's gay. Enrique's gay.
- What?
- Warner.
What kind of shoes are these?
Black ones.
- See.
- What are you talking about?
He's gay. He isn't Brooke's lover.
He's making it up.
Wait. Back up.
How do you know that he's gay?
Gay men know designers.
Straight men don't.
Know what?
He did leave a Cher tape
in the pool house one time.
While I appreciate
your masterful legal theory
I have a murder trial to attend to.
- Emmett.
- Okay.
- I'll take care of it. Thanks.
The court will come to order.
Mr. Salvatore, do you have any proof
that you and Mrs. Windham
were having an affair?
Only the love in my heart.
Well...
if that's all the proof that he has,
Your Honor
I think I'm done here.
You may step down.
I'd like to ask a couple
of questions, Your Honor.
Just give me a couple minutes.
Did you ever take Mrs. Windham
on a date?
- Yes.
- Where?
A restaurant in Concord
where no one could recognize us.
And how long have you been sleeping
with Mrs. Windham?
Three months.
- And your boyfriend's name is...
- Chuck.
Right.
Silence.
- Pardon me. Pardon me.
- Yes, Mr. Salvatore?
I was confused.
You see, I thought you said friend.
- Chuck is just a friend.
- Oh, okay.
- You bitch.
- Chuck, wait.
Silence in my court.
Sit down, Mr. Salvatore.
Silence in my courtroom.
How did I miss that? You were great.
Thanks.
- Good night.
Elle, Callahan asked to see you
before you leave.
- Really?
- Yeah, you know
he already has coffee,
but maybe he needs a doughnut.
Okay.
- Do you need any help?
- No. I'm fine.
Okay. Bye.
Come on in.
- Hi.
- Sit down.
- Okay.
Is everything all right?
You followed your intuition today
and you were right on target.
- I should have listened.
- Thank you.
About the alibi...
I'm sorry...
I'm impressed you took the initiative
to go there and get it.
That's what makes a good lawyer.
And on top of that,
you gained the client's trust
and kept it,
that's what makes a great lawyer.
You're smart, Elle.
Smarter than most of the guys
on my payroll.
I think it's time to discuss
your career path.
Have you thought about where you
might be a summer associate?
Not really.
I know it's very competitive.
Well, you know what competition's
really about, don't you?
It's about ferocity, carnage.
Balancing human intelligence
with animal diligence.
Knowing exactly what you want
and how far you'll go to get it.
How far will Elle go?
- Are you hitting on me?
- You're a beautiful girl.
So everything you just said...
I'm a man who knows what he wants.
And I'm a law student
who just realized
her professor is a pathetic asshole.
Too bad.
I thought you were a law student
who wanted to be a lawyer.
- You almost had me fooled.
- What?
Well, maybe you should sleep
with the jury, too.
Then we can win the case.
- Hey.
- I'm quitting.
Why?
Law school was a mistake.
This whole internship was a mistake.
What are you talking about?
You earned it.
I didn't earn anything, Emmett.
Callahan only gave me that internship
because he liked the way I looked.
Which he made clear tonight
when he tried to feel me up.
Callahan did what?
Just forget about it.
I'm going back to LA.
No more boring suits.
No more pantyhose.
No more trying to be something
that I'm just...
I'm just not.
What if you're trying
to be somebody you are?
The hell with Callahan.
Stay.
Call me if you're ever
in California. Okay?
What's the point
in staying, Paulette? I mean...
All people see when they look at me
is blond hair and big boobs.
No one's ever
gonna take me seriously.
The people at law school don't.
Warner doesn't.
I don't even think my own parents
take me seriously.
I just felt, like, for the first time
that someone expected me to...
to do something more with my life
than just become
a Victoria's Secret model.
But I was just kidding myself.
Callahan never saw me as a lawyer.
He just saw me as a piece of ass.
Just like everybody else.
Turns out I am a joke.
No, you're not a joke.
The hell with law school.
I just wanted to say goodbye.
If you're going to let
one stupid prick ruin your life...
you're not the girl
I thought you were.
Did you go in there
knowing how you're going to
discredit Mr. Salvatore?
Oh, absolutely. It's a little thing
I'd like to call strategy.
You know, I had a feeling
about Mr. Salvatore...
Is he always such an ass?
He's the top defense attorney
in the state.
Of course he's an ass.
Fine. But is he an ass
that's gonna win my case?
Well, he's an ass that's gonna try.
- He thinks I'm guilty, doesn't he?
- That's not what's important.
If he doesn't trust me,
why should I trust him?
Ask Elle. She looked pretty cozy
with him last night.
You know, you don't even know
what the hell you're talking about.
What's going on here?
Elle quit.
- What?
- Yeah.
Callahan hit on her, so she quit.
My God.
Scumbag.
- Oh, God.
- What?
I feel terrible.
I made a huge mistake.
Well, maybe there's something
we can do about it.
Thank you.
What are you so happy about?
You're on trial for murder.
Get up.
- What?
- You're fired.
I have new representation.
Who?
Excuse you, you're in my way.
She's a law student.
She can't defend you.
Massachusetts Supreme
Judicial Court ruling 3.03.
See?
- Thank you, David.
- Counselors, approach the bench.
- You're not going up there.
- Oh, yes, I am.
I'm sorry, maybe you didn't hear me.
- You're fired.
- Counselors, now.
All of you.
Elle Woods, Your Honor.
Rule 3.03 of Supreme
Judicial Court states
that a law student
may appear on behalf
of a defendant
in criminal proceedings.
Your Honor,
I have no problem with this.
I do. I'm not allowing it.
Oh, but you agreed last night.
In your office
when we were discussing my career.
The ruling also states that you need
a licensed attorney to supervise you.
- Mr. Callahan?
- That I won't agree to.
I'll supervise, Your Honor.
- Well, then Ms. Woods, proceed.
- Thank you, Your Honor.
- Hi.
Enjoy prison.
Mrs. Windham,
you do realize what you're doing?
Absolutely.
- Oh, my God. There she is, Elle.
- Elle, we came to see your trial.
Oh, look how cute. There's, like,
a judge and everything.
And jury people.
- Vote for Elle!
- Ladies, take a seat.
Go, girl.
Do you swear to tell the truth
the whole truth
and nothing but the truth
so help you God?
- I do.
- Be seated.
Ms. Woods,
you may begin your questioning.
First of all, I would like
to point out
that not only is there no proof
in this case
but there is a complete lack
of mens rea
which by definition tells us that
there can be no crime
without a vicious will.
I am aware
of the meaning of mens rea.
What I'm unaware
of is why you're giving me
a vocabulary lesson
when you should be
questioning your witness.
Yes, Your Honor.
Ms. Windham
when you arrived back at the house,
was your father there?
Not that I saw
but like I said, I went straight
upstairs to take a shower.
And when you came downstairs,
what happened?
I saw Brooke standing over his body
drenched in his blood.
But Mrs. Windham didn't have a gun?
No. She'd stashed it by then.
Move to strike that from the record,
Your Honor.
- It's speculation.
- So stricken.
Go ahead.
Ms. Windham,
did you hear a shot fired?
No. I was in the shower.
Okay.
So, sometime in the 20 minutes
that you were in the shower
your father was shot.
I guess.
Your father was shot
while you were in the shower
but you didn't hear
the shot because...
because you were in the shower?
Yes. I was washing my hair.
- Where is she going with this?
- Have a little faith, Gerard.
Ms. Windham,
what had you done earlier that day?
I got up, got a latte
went to the gym, got a perm,
and came home.
Where you got in the shower?
I believe the witness
has made it clear
that she was in the shower.
Yes, Your Honor.
Ms. Windham,
had you ever gotten a perm before?
- Yes.
- How many would you say?
Two a year since I was 12.
You do the math.
You know, a girl in my sorority,
Tracy Marcinko, got a perm once.
We all tried to talk her out of it.
Curls weren't a good look for her.
She didn't have your bone structure.
But, thankfully, that same day
she entered the Beta Delta Pi
wet t-shirt contest
where she was completely
hosed down from head to toe.
Objection.
- Why is this relevant?
- Oh, I have a point, I promise.
Then make it.
Yes, ma'am.
Chutney, why is it that
Tracy Marcinko's curls ruined
when she got hosed down?
- Because they got wet?
- Exactly.
Because isn't it the first
cardinal rule of perm maintenance
that you're forbidden
to wet your hair
for at least 24 hours
after getting a perm
at the risk of deactivating
the ammonium thioglycolate?
Yes.
And wouldn't somebody
who's had say 30 perms
before in their life
be well aware of this rule?
And if in fact you weren't washing
your hair as I suspect you weren't
because your curls are still intact,
wouldn't you have heard the gunshot?
And if in fact you had heard
the gunshot
Brooke Windham wouldn't have had time
to hide the gun
before you got downstairs
which would mean that
you would have had to have found
Mrs. Windham with a gun in her hand
to make your story plausible.
- Isn't that right?
- She's my age.
Did she tell you that?
How would you feel if your father
married someone who is your age?
You, however, had time to hide
the gun, didn't you, Chutney?
After you shot your father.
I didn't mean to shoot him.
I thought it was you
walking through the door.
Order. Order.
Order.
- Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Bailiff, take the witness
into custody
where she will be charged
for the murder of Heyworth Windham.
In the Matter of the State
v. Brooke Windham
this case is dismissed.
Mrs. Windham, you are free to go.
- Yes!
- Thank you!
- Thank you.
Elle, how did you know
that Chutney was lying?
Because she's brilliant, of course.
The rules of hair care
are simple and finite.
Any Cosmo Girl would have known.
- Elle...
- What?
I just wanted to say that
you were so brilliant in there.
And that I was wrong.
And you are the girl for me.
- Really?
- Yes.
Pooh bear, I love you.
Oh, Warner.
I've waited so long
to hear you say that.
But if I'm gonna be a partner
at a law firm by the time I'm 30
I need a boyfriend
who's not such a complete bonehead.
Thank you, boys.
Ladies and gentlemen
I present the graduates
of Harvard Law School
Class of 2004.
I am personally very honored
to introduce
this year's class-elected speaker.
After getting off to a quite
interesting start here at Harvard
she graduates today
with an invitation to join
one of Boston's most
prestigious law firms.
I'm sure we are going
to see great things from her.
Ladies and gentlemen, Elle Woods.
On our very first day at Harvard
a very wise professor
quoted Aristotle.
"The law is reason free
from passion."
Well, no offense to Aristotle,
but in my three years at Harvard
I have come to find that passion
is a key ingredient
to the study and practice of law
and of life.
It is with passion
courage of conviction,
and strong sense of self
that we take our next steps
into the world
remembering that first impressions
are not always correct.
You must always have faith in people
and most importantly...
you must always have faith
in yourself.
Congratulations, Class of 2004.
We did it.